Wk 10 Rush of Adrenaline[8.23.13]
“Five minutes,” the pilot says.
“I don’t get why they don’t just shoot the air transports down,” wonders the young man sitting next to me.
“It’s corporate policy,” says the man sitting across the aisle, “The two giants agreed that they didn’t want this war to be too costly for either of them. So they created an overarching policy for the war: “Minimalize all casualties. All assets are to remain unharmed and undamaged if possible.” That’s why the other side just leaves these babies alone. Damage to these guys would be costly. When we’re in here, we’re safe, but once we jump out, we’re free game.”
“Then why do they even send soldiers like us, if we’re going to be shot on sight?”
“Well, I heard they just throw us down there, hoping some of us will stick,” says a soldier a seat away.
Another man says, “Don’t worry about it son, Corporate should know what they’re doing, after all, they won their last Incorporate War.” After talking, the man soon turns back to look at the ground again, continuing the silence that accompanied him ever since we left the base. He pulls out a necklace with a golden cross at the end of it from his jacket. He polishes the cross with his jacket, and grasps it tight.
There are two aisles in the loading bay of the airship, each enclosed with a line of seats. The row of seats in the middle sit back to back, so there are twenty-four filled seats in between the two aisles. Facing the middle are two rows of seats lining the sides of the hull of the aircraft. Everyone is waiting for the fleet of drop ships to send us into the depths of enemy lines.
There is a silence within the air of the ship. It is split into three parts. There’s the silence made from the incessant humming coming from the walls and the ships outside. There’s the silence of the men, each trying to preoccupy and distract himself, which is only broken by the occasional conversation. Then there’s the third silence. The silence from below. The silence from the land and forests beneath, concealing the enemy, who, at the sight of the men, will unleash fire and brimstone from underneath.
“Two minutes.”
I’m sitting in one of the seats mounted to the ship wall, a couple seats away from the giant loading bay door that will soon open up to send us into the terrain below. The Corporal sits a few seats across from me, right next to the loading bay exit. I look around the ship. Some men are trying to take a nap before greeting enemy bullets. Others are moving their lips, whispering prayers. There are people of all ages sitting in the cabin. Some are still boys, fresh out of school, while others are seasoned men, old enough to have seen the last couple Incorporate Wars. The older men have pictures of their families, children, and wives, while the younger boys have pictures of their girlfriends. Some of the soldiers proudly share their pictures with the men sitting next to them. Others are more reserved with their photos and merely stare at them quietly. A man a few seats down keeps opening and closing a locket, while staring blankly at the picture inside.
In the next aisle, I can hear a man talking about how he is the part of the current generation of a proud military family. He says that his lineage traces back to a general who fought in a different kind of war, where nations, instead of corporations, fought each other. His oldest ancestor received a yellow square medal for his distinct behavior in a some big “World War.”
“One minute, tubes are ready.”
Adrenaline pulses through my body as we’re nearing the drop zone. Small cylindrical packages drop from the ceilings. One hangs above every soldier’s head. Corporate gives each soldier one of these tubes whenever they are about to engage in battle. They’re supposed to increase the adrenaline concentration in our bodies, to heighten our reactions and senses. The gel never seemed to work when they tested it during training.
“I heard some people say that Corporate was feeding us blank duds,” a soldier says.
Maybe these are just placebos, but we don’t care. We all eat the gel, grateful for any help we could get.
“Thirty seconds.”
By now, I can hear a loud pounding, like periodic artillery fire. It’s probably the adrenalin coursing, rushing through my body. I stand up along with the rest of the soldiers as the Corporal begins the Corporate Anthem, “Hail Ymir Corp!” We all sing in unison, our bodies amped for battle. The chant ends with everyone saying, “Glory to Ymir Corp!”
“Ten seconds. Door’s opening.”
Everyone checks that their helmets, packs, and weapons are secured tightly. We think of our plan of descent as the steel gates slowly open to the world below right before our eyes.
“Five seconds….Four.”
Last minute prayers are made. Pendants, photos, and dog tags are kissed. Charms are polished and rubbed.
“Two…One…Naught. Glory to Ymir Corp.”
Hot blood flows through me. The men before me step out into free fall. As I greet the rushing wind with a pounding heart, I can see the fleet of aircraft accompanying us, every other ship releasing its own men. The rows of soldiers descend swiftly to the earth below, falling out of the drop ships by the dozens. The sound of the wind is soon replaced by the sound of gunfire, flying bullets, and airborne explosions. A storm brews on the ground and, as if gravity were reversed, lead rain pours from below us.
They slaughter us like pigs.

Email:
Alexander Hwang
"Countdown"
Soldiers are deployed.
By: Sander Gul
We don't need an idea...right?
No Picture
