Wk 1 Someone dies

The wind chimes tinkle softly as a gentle summer breeze flows into the veranda from the ocean. The veranda faces the front yard and garden. Gentle clouds roll peacefully above the garden. The scent of roses wafts into his nose. In the country of Han, located on a large continental peninsula, the weather always seemed to be nice.

A distant voice comes from the kitchen inside, "Tea or milk, Go?" He lifts up one finger. A minute later, the caregiver comes outside onto the veranda with a cup of green tea. Her skin was a couple shades darker than the man's pale skin. Walking by, a neighbor would be able to see that she was not from Han. The neighbor would think that she was probably from Pilante, a smaller, less developed country south of Han. Around one to two centuries ago, Han began a period of industrialization and development. New jobs in the cities, new industries, and new innovative fields looked promising to the young men and women just out of college. Caregiving was not a job most people strived for. It did not pay as well as the jobs in the cities, and it required more work and care than other jobs. As a result, there became a lack of caregivers for the aging generation that was starting to outgrow the younger generation in size. Thus, government established a program where the elderly could hire caregivers from outside the country.

Go can hear the soft and slow strumming of a harp, as someone plays a soothing tune that drifted into the veranda. With a trembling hand steadied with the aid of the caregiver, the man slowly drinks his green tea. He rocks back and forth, watching the front gate, near the road. It was noon on a Wednesday, and there was little activity to be seen out front. That was because the man lived on a small side road isolated from the bustle of the town life. 

He loved the sound of a harp. He always did. He loved it more now than he did then. He could feel the presence of his wife in the melodic notes. The man's mind begins to wander.

It was when he first started college that he first saw her. During one of his first weekends at the university, he had gone with his new friends to a performance at a local theater. During the performance, she was sitting on the side of the stage, strumming a harp. Her music had been captivating; its rhythm was like the heartbeat of a young lover. Her hands plucked the harp with a vivacity that left him mesmerized. They started dating, and eventually they got married after he graduated. As a wedding gift, he got her a beautiful harp. Around twenty years later, the two would be living in a large house located on a side road. Not many people traveled on this side road. That was perfect. The children could play freely in the road and in the front. By then, the couple had ten children: six boys and four girls. Go and his children would often ask his wife to play the harp. They would sit in the veranda and listen as she played a beautiful string of notes that calmed and soothed the children. She didn't play the harp as lively as when Go first met her.

All of them attended the funeral around forty years later. She was cremated. The ashes were scattered into the ocean as the eldest daughter played a harp slowly in her memory.

The youngest sibling, Park, was Go's favorite son. Park was the most curious and had strong ambitions and a passion for knowledge. By the time all of Go's children grew up, Park was the only one to move out of the country. He sought to obtain more knowledge and a higher education than his siblings. Park was able to retire early and had a son named Leo.

Leo was only three months old when Park first came back to visit Go in person. It was at the same time as the funeral of Park's mother. Park would soon visit every summer to spend time with his family in Han, especially his father. Go, in turn, treated Park and his family extremely well every time they visited. He sought to make up for the lack of attention Park received as a child with nine older siblings. He also cherished the few weeks he had each year to spend time with his son's family, especially his grandson. Since Park's family lived outside Han, Go only saw Leo a few weeks each year in July. Over the years, Leo grew to resemble his father, both in appearance and in mind. Go grew fond of his grandson, Leo, and loved him above all of his other grandchildren, of whom he saw frequently. Seeing Leo made Go happy, since it reminded him of when Park was young, and when he had a happy life with his wife. Whenever Leo visited, Go would buy him lots of toys and treats to let him experience a piece of the Han culture. 

The wind chimes tinkle again, as the harp plays slowly and quietly. Go can still imagine his wife's fingers gracefully maneuvering over the strings of the harp. The July weather makes Go feel drowsy. He wants to take a nap and drift off into an eternal slumber, but he has to wait. Go lets his mind wander.

Park had brought his family, his wife and child, to visit his father in the summers for thirteen years. Leo was nine years old when Park came last year. Go's caregiver had seen Park drive up the side road and had said, "Go! Leo's here!" Go had burst into a weak smile at the news. Go used to bellow Leo's name whenever he arrived. However, that year, Go, with the caregiver's aid, only managed to weakly hug Leo as he ran up the veranda. Go greeted Park and his wife and walked inside with them. The inside of the house was cool. The living room was adorned with blue and purple walls and plush furniture. The caregiver directed the excited Leo to the toys that Go had bought for him that year. After that, the caregiver helped Go walk to his bedroom. As she came back into the living room Park asked his father's caregiver about Go's well-being.

"He's been getting weaker after the stroke. The doctor says he will probably live for only a few more years, depending on his strength," the caregiver replied.

The clouds continue to roll over the garden. A small ocean breeze jingles the wind chimes softly. Go continues to listen to the soft and slow harp. He hears the crunching of wheels as a car comes up the side road. The harp stops, as if breathing a sigh of relief and exhaustion after playing for so long.

"Go! Leo's finally here!" the caregiver exclaims. Go hears the rapid footsteps of an approaching child, and sees Leo appear inside the front gate. He exhales and makes a weak and subtle smile. A strong breeze rattles the wind chimes. One of the wind chimes snaps off and shatters after it falls to the floor. Park runs up to the veranda to Go's rocking chair at the sound of the fragmenting chime. One of the strings on the old harp snaps and breaks, giving off a dead note.

Email [6.21.13]:
"""
Title:
"Go"

Summary: 
A man reminisces and dies after his favorite son and grandson finally visit.

Pen Name: 
Richard T. D. (just some random name. I might want to change it next week, but if I can't, I'll just stick with this)

Image: 
I was thinking http://windworld.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/03/tubular-wind-chime.jpg , but I don't know about copyright and stuff, so you don't need to put it if you can't.

Ideas for Theme: 
"A blinding light appears."
"""
