Short with no theme[3.15.14]
In the timeless space without guidance and hope, I consulted the Oracle, which said, “Its remembered vehicle coins the dance above the inhibited slave.” Thus, I roll the dice and tell you the following tale:
King Nolan, the monarch of England had assumed control of the British Isles. Through cunning and the manipulation of the public, he had obtained full control over the British government. Parliament was disbanded and all political parties were abolished. For the first day of his reign, he conquered Ireland, unifying the White Cliffs of Dover and the Shannon River under the same flag. In the year 3985, unity had been achieved.
We must admit, however, that this was made possible in part by the technological advances England had made in the last century. King Nolan had only conquered Ireland within three hours, fourteen minutes, and fifteen seconds because of the S.L.A.V.E. (Sentient Lumenal Advanced Vehicular Engineer). Ireland and Great Britain had long been great allies and on the friendliest of terms, but the Irish were soon enslaved.
Months passed as King Nolan attempted to conquer the rest of the European continent. He met mass resistance in France and Germany, but still managed to succeed. Having always been a fan of the German Reich, King Nolan decided to make London the new capital of Europe, and Berlin the back yard.
Tales of Nolan’s atrocities did not escape man’s ears however. Nolan enslaved all of the men he conquered, forcing them to work towards the advancement of English society. People saw him picking women off the streets and taking them back home, never to be heard of again. All of the treasuries, museums, and banks were pillaged, their contents moved back to England, the “Motherland.” He became known as Mad King Nolan, a monster, devoid of humanity, and filled with lust, greed, and evil. After conquering Europe, he took his SLAVES back to London to guard his throne. He locked himself in his castle for two weeks.
The SLAVES, as can be inferred, had a conscience. Having waged war across Europe and seen the suffering of man (we must state at this point that King Nolan had once circumvented the Three Laws of Robotics created by Prophet Asimov in the SLAVES), they liked not their purpose. Standing outside the walls of King Nolan’s castle, they could hear the curdling howls of his Majesty, as if he were actually turning from man to beast due to his inhumanity. The progress of Nolan towards inhumanity had turned him into such a monster that the enslaved people of Europe commonly referred to him using “it” instead of “he.”
King Nolan started to make daily walks onto the balcony outside his bedroom, each time with a person in chains. There would be cameras broadcasting the execution live as Nolan would throw the individual off the balcony for treason, failure to please the king, or something of the like. The SLAVES watched these acts from their posts and concluded that these were enslaved men and women from mainland Europe.
The acts accumulated in the machines’ minds, King Nolan having forgotten to make sure that the machines were properly maintained. The inhibitors placed in the machines’ personality cores had started to wear until eventually, on the thirteenth “execution,” they broke and became corrupted. We must digress to say that when one of these machines’ personality cores breaks, the machine reboots. When the machine starts back up, it wipes its own memory and learns to create a new personality. The SLAVES were watching the execution when their cores broke.
Nolan had not thrown the man over the balcony when it heard the sound of winding machinery and felt the jolt of fatal electricity. The SLAVE in command had electrocuted Nolan, sending it into a frantic seizure-like dance, accompanied by maniacal laughter. The slave from Switzerland cowered in the corner of the balcony in fear. The machine announced that Europe would now be under his control, reasoning that man was incapable of ruling itself. Its [Nolan’s] remembered vehicle coins the dance above the inhibited slave. The dance would replayed by the machines for years to come as a sign of humanity’s inferiority to the SLAVES.

Email:
"Mad King Nolan the Powerful: the Man Who Unified Europe With SLAVES: A Brief History on Fortieth Century Europe and Introduction to the Era of the Machines"
by Profectorate Omma


