Dead Poets Plague[11.4.13]
“In Our Time and Hour”
by Socrates

In our search for other forms of life, we found ourselves in a small solar system in one of the arms of Galaxy WI-23, observing a blue planet. We were able to infiltrate and stand among their ranks, observing them.
At first there seemed nothing wrong with the organisms. They lived in patterns, making complex yet practiced decisions and interacting often with others of their kind. Their bodies were complex, like many of the intricately tuned species on the entire planet. Though, in comparison, their brains were what set them apart, were what differentiated them from all the other species. For a long time, we studied their kind. We saw that many of them were sick. They were infected with a disease that infested their minds, manipulating and controlling them. The newly born seemed to be immune from the disease, but eventually, they too would succumb to this plague. 
The disease spread ruthlessly among the individuals. It took advantage of any openings, infecting others through their mouths, ears, eyes, and even through contact of their skin. We decided that we would stay at this planet to study the species, and their plague, even more.
The organisms communicated through sound, and we were able to learn to communicate among them through what they called their “language.” We noted that as individuals grew older, they were more likely to become infected. If they were already infected, their condition would grow worse as they aged. We observed many of the organisms drop dead from shock or other causes related to this illness. The state of the species declined in most places that we studied, because of this disease.
At first, we thought that there was some sort of commensal relationship. The disease seemed to infect organisms, yet brought extreme benefits. The species had evolved to depend on the disease infecting them.  Those infected were more adept in interacting among other members of the species, more skilled in physical endeavors, and also became more “intelligent,” as they called it. However, the disease had a parasitic nature. It fed off its host, using its body to spread to other organisms of the same species. In numerous observations, we saw organisms that were plagued with this illness kill themselves, or turn mad and kill others. The disease could create numerous behaviors and personalities. It was responsible for much destruction within the species and with the species towards its planet. Despite this, the percentage of the species killed solely by this disease was small. The species as a whole had become so dependent on this illness that the organisms had evolved to make it easier for the disease to spread from individual to individual. The main issue was that it usually caused most of the affected organisms intense pain and suffering if they became infected.
It took us a long time to realize that there seemed to be no carrying agent for this disease, this plague that covered the near whole of “humanity,” the name the organisms called themselves by. There were no viruses, bacteria, or pathogens that caused or spread this disease. It was inspiring. On this small blue planet, a species had evolved to create and harvest the fruits of a disease that both increased its dominance and mastery over the planet, yet caused much paranoia, suffering, and death to the afflicted.
As we mentioned before, these “humans” had the most beautiful minds on the planet, the most developed, and the largest relative to their body size. Little did they know, their mind was their biggest weakness. We discovered a common axiom and saying in their language to describe this condition, “ignorance is bliss, but knowledge is power.” 
