Wk 3 Disney Princesses

The elevator hums as it rises to the top floor. A woman steps out of the elevator as it opens. Her ears are adorned with golden, spherical earrings, and she wears a pearl necklace. She wears little makeup today, but nobody notices because her luscious brown hair distracts everyone from her face. The whole upper floor of the building is mostly silent, except for a particular noise. The noise reminds her of shaking money bags full of coins and bills. 

"The boisterous laughter of the rich," she mutters to herself. Today, at the headquarters of the Walt Disney Company, various executives, directors, and important persons from different branches of the organization are gathering for a monthly meeting. The discussion is sure to address the future of the Walt Disney Company and any future plans and decisions. Recently, the company has received various comments and concerns about the Disney Princess media franchise. As one of the more serious and knowledgeable executives, and one of the only females that is going to attend the meeting this month, the woman feels that the fate and safety of the Disney princesses will rest in the words that she would say today.

"Christine! We’ve been waiting for you to start the meeting," Robert, the CEO exclaims. 

"I’m sorry for my tardiness. I had a little trouble getting up here today," Christine replies, "Let’s start this meeting." Christine takes a seat at the table in the conference room. A person with a grey suit stands up and starts his presentation. There are various charts and some pictures on the television on the wall as he goes over the company’s earnings. A person at the table adds to the presentation by informing the other executives of current trends regarding the company. 

"We’ve had a lot of diminishing interest in some of our franchises, but we’ve received many comments, concerns, and feedback from people who contact us to partially explain such trends," the executive with the grey suit explains.  The man goes over common messages that the Walt Disney Company has received from the public and consumers. Then, he goes over various inputs and ideas about the future of Walt Disney that have originated from various branches that have been met by much dialogue within the company. 

"Out of all these ideas and comments, there has been one subject that has received the most discussion throughout the company, and I’m sure all of you here today have experienced discussion on this topic firsthand. What I’m talking about is our Disney Princess media franchise. Since I’m partly responsible for the new plans and developments that push our company forward, my department and I have been discussing how we haven’t really strayed from our formula the past few years. I think we need a new and innovative direction to renew interest in our media franchise. As I mentioned before, interest in the Disney Princesses has been waning, mostly in our original few princesses. This has partly been caused by the children that have now since grown up. All we have been doing is releasing movies in higher definition. However, I think we can renew the interest from the older generations. We can try some things to renew interest into the franchise."

"What are you trying to get at?" questions one of the executives, impatiently.

"What I’m trying to get at is this," replies the executive in grey, "We need new stimulation, and I think we should address the question: ‘Where are the Disney Princesses now?’ to provide that stimulation for our consumers. I know that for today’s meeting, we have little to discuss, so I wanted to bring up this question that I’m sure all of you have been asked lately. I think we can try to discuss this to see if we can come up with an idea on how to expand the franchise and put a little spice into it."

"This seems like an interesting topic," Robert says, "but I don’t guarantee that we’ll do anything about it after today, since I don’t think this is the way forward. But anyways, does anyone have any starting thoughts?"

"I do," Christine answers.

"Man has always been creating stories and fiction ever since he could speak and communicate. Stories started out as oral traditions, but with the invention of the book and printing press, fiction began to thrive. Stories spread like wildfire. Man creates, but little does he know, what he creates, lives. You see, there are two realms to the universe. The first one is the one in which we exist, Reality. It is significantly larger and more important than the other realm.  The other realm merely exists because of us. It has been created from the media that we have crafted from our imaginations. It is the realm of Fiction. In the realm of Fiction, everything that has been in a book, oral tradition, or movie, lives. The characters from novels and plays carry on their own individual lives in a dimension outside Reality. All of the pieces of fiction that will ever exist are contained in their own individual world inside the realm of Fiction. All of these worlds are connected together by the Great Library, which acts like a train station or hub for all fiction. The inhabitants of the two dimensions rarely cross, but they can exert enormous amounts of influence on each other. The inhabitants of Reality determine the state of Fiction, because they have full control over what is introduced into Fiction. However, stuff of Fiction can sometimes cross over into reality, and they cross more often and with more control. Only a few select humans from Reality can enter and travel the dimension of Fiction.

"This is where the Disney Princesses come in. Because they were created by animated films, they exist in the realm of Fiction. The princesses have their own lives. They live with their princes and husbands. Most inhabitants of Fiction have to act out their own stories whenever someone reads or watches the piece of fiction they belong to. Luckily, the princesses have many doppelgangers that can take their place. No one from Reality notices and the princesses can lead their own independent lives. The life of reenacting the same fairy tale over and over can be boring and tedious, despite its magic and wonder.

"Now, for where the princesses are today, I’ll start with Snow White, the eldest princess. She was the first princess to become conscious of the two realms, Fiction and Reality. She learned all the techniques of traveling in between worlds from Lady Macbeth. She takes care of all the other princesses, and her castle acts as the headquarters for the Disney Princesses. She acts as the administrative head that governs the princess world. The next princess is Cinderella. She used to frequent Reality to find work as a hired assassin or mercenary, but Snow White convinced her to stop doing such dirty things. Cinderella then took up the spy business, but found it unsatisfying. Now she just wanders both realms freely, collecting the breaking news of Reality and Fiction and reporting it to her fellow princesses. Aurora is the princess that sticks most to her intended story. She stays mostly within her kingdom and rules with her husband. However, she does conduct business with the rest of the princesses. Ariel frequently shifts between mermaid and human, but conducts most of her business in human form. She finds enjoyment in taking vacations with her husband and her mermaid family to worlds of Greek mythology, to visit her uncle Poseidon. Similarly, Pocahontas frequents worlds of Native American oral tradition. She likes to learn about the other tribes that inhabited the Americas. However she also visits the Shakespeare canon occasionally to take a break. Out of all the princesses, Belle is the one that lives in Reality the most. She conducts business on behalf of the inhabitants of the Disney Princess world.  She has a house in New York and has had time to earn Ph.D.’s in business, finance, biology, and medicine. Currently, she is attending law school at Harvard.

"I’d love to go into more detail about the true lives of the princesses," Christine remarks, "but I feel like what I’ve said so far is sufficient for you to grasp the idea I’m trying to convey." Christine ends her explanation to a group of men trying to process what they just heard.

"I like your creativity," an executive in a pinstripe suit comments, "but I don’t think that your idea would earn us much profit. After all, we need to make money from these things!" The group of executives chuckle a little at the sound of "money." Another executive with a brown suit brightens up as if he came up with an ingenious idea.

"This would be excellent movie material, I think," says the man in the brown suit, "but I agree with the other statement that the idea could be tweaked for profit. You know what has made the Walt Disney Company a significant profit recently? The Avengers. We made hundreds of millions of dollars. What we should do is take your cross-fictional thing, Christine, and add some Avengers to it to spice it up and attract more consumers."

"Here is my proposal. You know how every princess has a unique characteristic, right? Each princess has at least one quality that distinguishes her from the others. For example, Ariel is part mermaid, and Rapunzel has long hair with magical properties. Well, what if we took those qualities, and adapted them so the princesses had powers? Then they could all band together in an Avengers-type group! The princesses would all master the ability to cross the line between Fiction and Reality and to jump from story to story. They would band together for a common cause. I haven’t thought of one yet, but perhaps they would band together for or something. Anyways, we can discuss that later.

"Snow White would be the leader of the princesses, since she is the oldest. She would be able to control the fauna around her. Also, she would lead a band of seven bloodthirsty dwarves that she could command to fight for her. Cinderella would be a powerful psychic capable of manipulating and forming glass, an ability given to her by her fairy godmother. Cinderella’s glass slippers would be the source of her power. Next, Aurora would be able to shoot golden threads, like Spiderman can shoot webs. Ariel, well, Ariel would be able to control the ocean and beckon the mermaid species to fight with her. Belle would develop a BDSM relationship with her prince husband. She would control her husband, who would be able to turn into a beast and fight, like the Hulk, at her command. Pocahontas would be a psychic oracle, as well as a seductress capable of destroying the hearts of men. Mulan would be a weapons expert, specializing in using the qiang. Tiana would master her ability to shapeshift into a frog, and she would earn the ability to turn into any animal. Rapunzel would be the healer among the princesses, and she would also be able to control her hair to fight. Merida would be a specialized archer, like Hawkeye in The Avengers."

As the man in the brown suit finishes sharing his idea, his eyes are open wide with excitement. Everyone else in the conference room sits silently, digesting what the executive had just said. 

"Of course, it doesn’t have to be the plot to a movie, it could be a book," the brown suit executive inputs quickly. 

"Are you feeling well today?" the Robert asks the executive in the brown suit.

"No, I feel perrrfectly fine!" says the man in brown.

"Well," says Robert. He bends down towards an intercom and says, "Martin, escort Mr. Jones outside would you? I think he needs some air." A man comes inside the room and takes the man in brown outside towards the elevator. "Well, I think we should end the meeting there, unless someone else has an idea for the Disney Princesses."

"I don’t think there will be any other ideas," Christine comments. "However, please consider my suggestion about Reality and Fiction. I think it’s worthy of some more attention." With that, Christine stands up and leaves the conference room into the hallway outside. A few seconds after Christine closes the door to the conference room, a small puff of smoke enters from under the door. A faint smell of books and ink permeates the conference room and the executives hear the faded chirping of birds. As Robert gets up to the leave the room, after all the other executives depart, he sees that Christine left a pen. Inscribed on the pen in gold are the words "Harvard Law." 

><

Snow White’s castle stands tall in the landscape. Inside, Snow White, Aurora, Cinderella, and Ariel sit around a table, waiting for something. Suddenly Belle appears dressed in business attire in a puff of smoke next to the table while holding a book.

"So how did it go?" Snow White asks Belle.

"It was okay." Belle replies.

><

As the camera zooms out of the room with the princesses and focuses on Snow White’s majestic castle, an annotation pops up with the words "Don’t forget to like and subscribe!" The video fades to black, and the thumbnails of various other recommended videos for "Disney Princesses – where are they now?" appear on the screen.

"Well that was a disappointing video," Tim thinks to himself.

Email [7.5.13]:
"""
Name: Alexander Hwang
Title: Disney Princesses — where are they now?
Summary: A pointless story about the current condition of the Disney Princesses at the Walt Disney Company HQ that takes a disappointing end.
Pen Name: Tim
Image: none
Next Theme: "...ever since the accident."
"""
