Wk 4 Betrayal

Just yesterday, spring semester ended at Ember University. Now, summer vacation welcomes all the students with open arms. Most of the campus stands empty on this Sunday, and even though it is only eleven in the morning, the sun beats the concrete sidewalks and asphalt roads furiously. Most of the students are either out and having fun, or they are in their dorms, trying to stay cool as they plan their summers.

George walks up the steps to his dorm on the second floor. He carries a bag of ice, fresh from the supermarket at the university center located only a five minute walk away. After reaching the second floor, George walks down the hallway and then unlocks the door to his room. Out of breath, he announces,

"Brad, your savior has arrived with the ice—man, it is so much nicer in here than outside. It feels like a nice ninety—"

"Nice," Brad says. He points to the kitchen counter and resumes the phone call he was on before George entered. "You’ve been there before? Cool. Well my uncle lent me a place. So you’re saying you can make it? Awesome! I can give you a ride there after we eat. Yeah. Okay. See you in a few."

"Who was that?"

"Oh, just Tom. I was just calling our friends to see who could come with us while you were gone getting some ice. Sadly your—"

"You mean that cabin by the lake your uncle owns? The one you were talking about before I left?"

"Yeah. As I was saying, your efforts have been in vain," Brad says with a smile, "We don’t need the ice anymore. We’re going out for lunch and we’re heading straight to the cabin afterwards. It’s only a few miles away, so we can probably get there by one, while it’s still hot out."

"Well screw you too," George laughs as he throws the bag of ice at Brad. "You made me walk all the way for nothing. But anyways, shouldn’t we buy food and stuff to stock up the cabin with, since we’re staying there for a few days?"

"Nah, we’ll take care of that after we get there. I just want to jump in the water as soon as I can."

Brad and George share the same dormitory and had both just completed their sophomore year. The two had met when they started attending the same English course their freshman year. Out of all the people in their circle of friends, the friendship between Brad and George is the strongest. Tom, a close friend to both, once described the two as "a gay couple, but in a friend way, without the sex and stuff." 

George starts to pack some clothes and materials for the brief vacation they were going to take while Brad starts to clean up the dormitory before they leave for his uncle’s cabin. Minutes later, Brad is driving his pickup truck with George right next to him and Tom in the back seat. The three eventually arrive at a local restaurant, a student favorite, to meet with their other friends. At around 12:30 P.M., the college students finish eating and walk outside to the parking lot.

"I’ll lead the way," Brad calls to the other designated drivers, "and you guys can just follow me. I’ll take George and Tom with me. Once we get there, you guys can unload, and then we’ll decide what to do next."

There is an exchange of agreement and farewells as everyone gets into their respective vehicles. They began to drive to the cabin loaned to Brad by his uncle that is located just some miles north. Brad’s uncle had recently gotten a divorce, and his plans for a summer vacation at the lakeside cabin owned fell through. Because of this, Brad’s uncle decided to lend his nephew the cabin for a few weeks before selling it. The two-story cabin was large enough, with six large rooms and three bathrooms, for Brad and his circle of friends. It was located next to a lake big enough so that the houses on one side were the size of one’s thumb, when viewed from the other side with an extended arm. Even better, the cabin was a three minute walk to the river that fed the lake and only a few miles from a nearby town.

><

The gravel of the dirt road that leads to the cabin crackles as a group of three cars arrive. George is first to get out of a car and takes a deep breath.

"My gosh….*sniff*…..the smell of these pines is so nice. I love this place already."

"I know right?" Brad replies, "this place is amazing. Look! You can even see the lake from here, and that river too! It’s hot out, and that river looks so damn good. But let’s check out the insides of this cabin first."

Brad unlocks the door to the cabin and everyone rushes inside to check everything out. All the lights are turned on and screams of excitement can be heard. After a few minutes of wandering and checking out all the accessories and appliances, everyone starts to unload their luggage into the cabin. After everyone finishes unloading, Brad and George put on their swim trunks and take their towels out.

"George and I are going to the river to cool off," Brad announces to Tom.

"Yeah, okay. You guys go do that. I think the rest of us are going to go get some groceries and supplies from the store we saw a few miles back, since, you know, we didn’t actually bring any food."

"Sounds fine, do whatever. Call me if you need anything, okay? I’m bringing my cell. Have fun guys."

"Same to you," Tom replies.

><

The river flows over an exposed rock bed before it feeds into the lake. There are boulders surrounding the river, and many flat areas of white rock. Rocks of different sizes pile around the river and into the river, creating miniature waterfalls, small pools, and even some small river rapids. George and Brad arrive at the river and jump into one of the small pools. They play around and find some neat stones. They explore the nooks and crannies of the river. After playing and exploring around for some minutes, Brad finds something hidden under a large flat rock protruding just over the surface of the river. He motions to George and calls,

"Hey George, come over here! There’s something interesting under this rock."

"What did you say?" George asks after he rushes over to Brad.

"Look at what I found, look at this."

Brad pulls a glass bottle with a cork sealing its opening. The bottle is around the size of Brad’s fist. The two friends step out of the river onto some flat stone and sit down.

"What is that?" George asks.

"I don’t know. It looks like some bottle, but there’s some grey haze inside. Oh! There’s a small piece of paper too, but I can’t read it. Let me try to…hrnnng…open….it…. It’s shut tight."

"Here, let me try." George tries to open the bottle but fails. He tries to break the bottle open on the flat rock surface, but the bottle does not exhibit any signs of breaking. Then he says, "Here, no, wait, you hold the bottle, and I’ll try to pull the cork out." Brad takes the bottle, and George pulls on the cork. After a few seconds of intense effort, the two friends manage to open up the bottle. The small piece of paper instantly combusts and dark grey smoke comes out of the bottle. The smoke starts to take the form of a human torso. At the sight of this George scrambles backwards and stutters,

"W-w-wah! Is that a—"

"Greetings, human…..no…wait…Greetings, men," the entity says. "This makes things complicated. Two people released me instead of one. Well, I guess that’s better for me."

"What the funk are you, and what the funk are you talking about?" George asks.

"I’m something similar to a djinn, or genie, if you prefer to spell it that way. I am a spirit manifested in this grey, or gray, if you prefer to spell it that way, smoke. There is good news and bad news. The good news is that I can grant you two men three of your desires. The bad news is that normally only one person releases me from my vessel. Since you two released me together, you need to split the three desires amongst yourselves."

"Brad, did you hear that? We get three wishes!"

"Of course I heard that, but how do we split them?"

"Hmmm….I know! We can both get one wish right now, and we can decide how to split the third wish later."

"That seems reasonable. Okay, I’ll go first. Genie, my wish—"

"Wait please," the genie interrupts, "we need to go somewhere in order for me to grant your three desires. It is part of the ritual." The genie grabs the two friends and they are suddenly teleported into a dark room. The room is extremely familiar to the two men. Around the peripherals of the room, they sense a presence, but cannot see anything. "Hello! It is my honor to introduce this round’s contestants Brad and George! I’m your host, Saul, the djinn! Now let’s begin ‘What are your desires?’" A giant screen behind Saul turns on and the words "What are your desires?" appear. Spotlights mounted on a circle surrounding the two men on the ceiling turn on. Dramatic music plays as the spotlights pan from the ceiling down towards the table at the center of the room, where the two men sit, along with Saul. Saul begins,

"Now, for our first wish, George, what is your desire?"

"I thought Brad went first?"

"No, it’s okay George, you go."

"Okay then. Saul, I wish for and endless supply of money."

"Ahhh….liquid wealth, I see," Saul murmurs.  Saul then addresses George, "Final wish, master?

"Final wish." 

"Okay then, endless money it is!" An invisible crowd bursts into applause. A credit card materializes into George’s right hand, while a few sheets of paper materialize into his left hand. "In your right hand, is a credit card linked to a bank account with an infinite supply of wealth. In your left hand is a packet of information containing account details and other important information for said bank account and your credit card. All set? Good. Now for our second wish. Brad! What is your desire?" Spotlights turn on again and swivel from pointing towards the ceiling to pointing at the table in the center of the room.

"Well… I wish…I wish that I could live forever."

"I see you have chosen immortality. Final wish?"

"Final wish."

"Good, immortality it is!" Applause breaks out again. A small vial appears in Brad’s left hand. "In this vial is a solution that will make its consumer live forever. If you drink this, you will not die from old age. In addition, any injuries you suffer will be healed. Only injuries to your heart cannot be healed. Well, that ends it for today! Tune in next week!" Saul takes Brad and George and transports them back to the river by the cabin. "Now here’s the deal. Since you released me at 1:23 P.M., I will only materialize at 1:23 P.M. each day, not earlier nor later. You two have one desire left. How you use it does not concern me, but I will remain here. My vessel cannot move from this spot. It is immovable and fixed in space. Good luck, Godspeed, and I will see you sometime in the future." As Brad and George are still looking at Saul, he whispers something incomprehensibly. Saul starts to fade away, and Brad and George turn around and start walking to their towels. As they walk away, a smile creeps onto Saul’s face and a red glow appears in his eyes. He dissolves into the air and the immovable glass bottle closes itself. A dark red piece of paper with glowing edges reappears in the bottle, as if it were slowly burning.

Brad and George decide to collect their belongings and return to the cabin. They agree to come back to Saul in two days to decide what to do about the third wish. No comments are exchanged between the two as they walk back to the cabin, and no word is spoken to their other friends about the djinn. Brad lets George drive to town in his pickup to test his new credit card. Brad takes a kitchen knife and cuts his arm off, only to have it reattach itself in seconds. Brad is awestruck. The rest of the day continues normally. George returns extremely happy with more food and a black duffel bag full of items. Brad runs to his car to retrieve something, and then he starts to party with his friends. Everything seems to go well, and two days pass.

Three days after the initial meeting with the djinn, at 7:00 A.M on Wednesday, Brad and George tell their friends that they plan to go on a hike. George packs both his and Brad’s backpacks as Brad makes their lunch for the day. Brad makes George’s favorite lunchtime food, a Philly cheesesteak sub.

"Don’t expect us to be back until tomorrow in the late afternoon, we plan to pitch some tents," Brad tells Tom.

"Where are you going?" Tom asks.

"Oh, to that waterfall on the east side of the lake."

"Okay, then. Have fun," Tom replies with a wink.

"Shut up."

Brad and George exit the cabin and walk towards some cliffs on the east shore of the lake. At around noon, they find a place to eat lunch at the top edge of the cliff, facing the lake.

"You know, I think I got the better wish," George says.

"That’s foolish, I have the better wish. Nothing beats immortality."

"Well, nothing should kill immortality." George grabs something from out of his bag as he eats his sandwich.

"But you should totally lend me some of that moolah in the future. I did find the bottle in the first place. Without me, you wouldn’t be infinitely rich."

"Are you trying to say something under those words? Are you implying something about the third wish we have?"

"No. However, we should probably decide on how to use that third wish right now." Brad pulls out a napkin from his bulging pocket and wipes his mouth and cleans his fingers.

"Why is your pocket so full?"

"Oh, it’s just full of junk. It’s nothing to worry about." George murmurs something. "What did you say, George?"

"I want the third wish." George turns to look at Brad with slightly red eyes as he pulls out a handgun with a silencer attached to it. George shoots Brad in the heart. "Have fun dying slowly as you try to heal yourself."

"I’m not surprised you did this…," Brad says slowly with pain, "I was going to do it too. But you beat me to the punch. If only my immortality didn’t have that catch. Anyways, if I can’t have it, you can’t either." With red eyes, Brad pulls a kitchen knife out of his pocket and stabs George in the heart. Both men sit staring at each other, only a foot apart. The redness disappears from both of their eyes and they collapse backwards. George’s sandwich falls out of his hand and tumbles down the cliff.

><

As dusk approaches, the friends at the cabin gather around a campfire outside the cabin. They eat dinner outside and then play campfire games as night falls on the lake. Three people get indigestion from the dinner they made by the fire and occupy the three bathrooms in the cabin. Tom, urgent to urinate, walks out into the surrounding forest. When he comes back to the fire, some people think his skin turned darker, but Tom explains that he tripped over a tree root and fell in the dirt while walking in the dark. When everyone returns from the bathroom to the campfire, Tom says:

"Do you guys want to hear a horror story?" A few of the females exhibit frightened noises and squeals, but most of Tom’s audience reacts enthusiastically. Tom holds up his left hand, which is covered in ashes, for silence to begin his story.

><

As most of you know, I visited this lake often when I was a child. During one of my frequent visits, my father told me this story about a demon that haunted the surrounding woods. The tale starts with a man who lived in a city right next to the university. His name was Saul, and he was very educated. He was very interested in the supernatural and visited the university library often to read about this subject that interested him so. Eventually, he read about a demon that could grant anyone’s desires. The demon could be summoned if one enacted a specific ritual. Saul was eager to summon the demon to witness the supernatural firsthand, but the wishes on the side were also a plus. He followed what the texts ordered and obtained a small glass bottle and filled it with the fresh ashes and embers of burnt paper. The next step of the ritual called for a natural stone surface, so Saul journeyed to this lake, to the river that fed this lake, and to the exposed rock bed near the mouth of the river. Saul placed the bottle and drew symbols all around it, and eventually, the ashes in the bottle exploded and a demon rose from the smoke released from the bottle. Following what the texts had foretold, the demon offered Saul the fulfillment of any of his desires.

Saul wished for infinite wishes and immortality. That was a bad decision. The demon was offended by Saul trying to circumvent the rules of wish making, but granted Saul immortality. However, in a cruel twist, the demon transformed Saul into the smoke that came out of the bottle and cursed him. He said,

"I have fulfilled both of your wishes now. I have exchanged places with you. I am now a demon in the body of an immortal human, and you are now cursed to exist as a spirit manifested in smoke and bound to that measly glass bottle. You will exist forever, that is your immortality, and you can also have an infinite amount of wishes, but there is a catch. As a djinn bound to that glass bottle, you get to give an infinite amount of wishes, instead of receiving an infinite amount. Three are to be given to whoever temporarily releases you from your prison. There is no limit to how many times you can be released, for you will live forever in that bottle. Whoever releases you is your temporary master. However, if you manage to get your master to kill himself or herself, you get his or her three wishes as well as his or her lifespan. Of course, once you are released from your chains you would first continue from the life you would have right now. Those are the terms of your wish. That is all I have to say to you. Have fun."

After saying all of that to Saul, the demon sealed Saul into his bottle and kicked him into the river. He then proceeded to wander the forests of the lake, reaping souls for the King of Evil from the humans at the lake. As for Saul, some say that you can hear him screaming in his prison at the river during the night.

><

After Brad and George killed each other, Saul was released from his binds. The glass bottle popped open and the smoke from the ember inside escaped. The smoke materialized into a human.

"I am finally free! After all those years of being stuck in that old glass bottle! Now, where are Brad and George?" Saul smiles devilishly and sniffs the air. He seizes the glass bottle and runs towards the eastern cliffs. Eventually, Saul arrives at the top of the cliffs. He takes Brad and George’s bodies and puts them in a pile a few feet away from their backpacks. Saul takes their belongings and throws them into a nearby bush. Afterwards, he opens the glass bottle and empties the glowing ember inside onto the bodies. The bodies of Brad and George spontaneously develop into rich, red flames. Saul seals the glass bottle, throws it into the fire, and watches for a few minutes. In the end, what remains in the ashes is a sealed glass bottle with three distinct layers of powder inside, one white, one gold, and one green. Surrounding the glass bottle are the ashes of the bodies with two red crystals.

"I’ll take this," Saul says, grabbing the glass bottle and the two red crystals, "Three powders, for the three wishes, magnificent! And the two lifespans of the college students! All I need to do is get that demon to infuse these essences into me." Remembering from the texts he had read at the university library, Saul rummages through the backpacks of the dead men. He finds two coins, smothers them in the ashes of the dead, and throws one into the lake, while hurling one into the stone on top of the cliff.

A demon materializes in the shadow of a nearby tree next to the packs of the dead. He is dressed in a nice black suit and has dark skin. He turns slowly towards Saul and says,

"I heard you from a mile away."

"Give me these wishes already, foul demon! You can keep the life forces of these college students, I’ll be immortal and I won’t need them, but I’ve spent far too long in that tortuous glass vessel! I want to live already!" At the sound of these words, the demon smiles maliciously. 

"I’m sorry, but I can’t do—"

"But you said that was part of the deal with my wish!"

"Oh shut your mouth! Don’t you know that dealings with arcane and the occult always end badly for the human? You need to read up more on your supernatural texts!"

"YOU!... You’re still mortal aren’t you? After all, you became a human when you cursed me!" Blinded with rage and forgetting about the demon’s immortality, Saul dives into the bushes with the backpacks and picks up the kitchen knife. He runs towards the demon and tries to kill him with the knife. However Saul fails when the demon shoots Saul with the gun that he had found in the bushes.

"Oh, you have served me so well. You were a very entertaining curse to watch. The pain and anger you held back whenever you had to grant wishes was the best form of entertainment! The torture, the pain, the envy, magnificent!" the demon says.

"Who are you to—"

"Here’s my calling card," the demon says, as his smiling face turns serious. He flicks a burning card at Saul, who is lying, gasping, on the ground. "Call me the King of Evil, or Satan, as you humans prefer. Actually, call me….Tom Walker." Saul burns instantly at the touch of the calling card. Later, the devil rifles his left hand through Saul’s ashes and smiles.

Email [7.12.13]:
"""
Alexander Hwang
"Embers"
Summary: Two college students become involved with a story of betrayal and the arcane.
Pen Name: Tom
Image: None
Idea: A story that loops infinitely.
"""
