Wk 5 Mental Breakdown[7.19.13]
“My author’s not the best in the world. Although I can’t say that I’ve had personal experiences with any other authors. But at least he created me. I’m thankful for that. Most of the time. Actually, I used to be fine with the life he gave me. Now I’m not so sure if he blessed or cursed me. I’m pretty sure he, or she, let’s assume it’s a ‘he,’ isn’t the best of writers. After all, everything is so bad around here. Don’t you agree, Doc?
“My first memories were of when I was twenty-three. By memories, I mean clear, tangible memories that I actually experienced. The memories of the times before I was twenty-three, living in this dull world, are just facts to me. No pictures come up in my mind of those times, just words. I don’t know why he chose to start with me at twenty-three. All I know is that twenty-three is a prime number. I guess he’s an inexperienced writer. He must be a first-timer.
“These are the facts I know: I was born John Doe, on January 1st, 1999. He wrote that, but right next to it, I can sense he wrote some notes to himself. He meant to change my name and date of birth to something meaningful later on. I guess he never got around to it, just like the rest. Anyways, I was born to two-dimensional parents. I know nothing of their characteristics, just that they died suddenly by the author’s pen and whim when I was three year old. I was adopted by a couple in this town, where I grew up for the rest of my childhood and teenage years. Whenever I try to recall my years during that period, the words “normal life” pop up in black text within my mind. That’s probably because the author didn’t develop my backstory. Only after a few seconds of intense concentration do those words break down into smaller fragments, each describing a small aspect of the years I spent from five to twenty-three.
“Anyways, my first lucid memory and experience was of me at the funeral of my foster parents. That was where he, the writer, chose to begin his story about me. This was where I first encountered the author’s lack of skill. Everyone at the funeral looked the same. The men had blank faces, wore black suits, and looked downward while holding umbrellas to shelter their female counterparts. The females each stood next to the men, wearing the same black dress, looking into the black rectangular hole in the ground. They were crying in an incessant pattern. Two sniffles. One sob. A wail. A nose blow. Then it repeated, cycle after cycle. There was rain, but the droplets fell in a grid-like pattern, once every second. Everything was horribly created and lacked detail.
“After the funeral, I walked home, to where I had lived with my foster parents. The house lacked much detail also. On the exterior, only the front of the house had color and detail. The other sides were blank, plain, white walls. The street in front of the house stretched almost infinitely, and was littered with many houses, with each house an exact copy of its neighbor, save for mine. Inside my house, there was only one meaningful room. The other eight rooms were the same. Blank walls. A toilet and sink. A bed. A cabinet. A closet. Inside the distinguished room, there was a single brown desk and a chair. On the desk was a letter addressed to me. The letter initiated my ‘Call to Adventure.’ All it said was ‘Your real parents died for a purpose. Seek Fred, the neighbor.’ After reading that letter, I locked myself in the house and sat in a corner in the fetal position while in massive denial. It came from out of the blue. It went on for a week. My best guess is that the author lacked the inspiration for a ‘Refusal of Call.’
“I went to see Fred, which became my point of ‘Supernatural Aid.’ Long story short, I learned that I had to fight off a certain evil. I left this town for the first time, but soon after, came the unbelievable. He put me inside the belly of a real whale. I think he failed to execute a simile correctly and transformed a figure of speech into a literal being. Maybe it could have been that, struggling to develop the story further, he literally followed the next step of the monomyth.  Or he just used the whale as a placeholder. Anyways, all I could sense inside the whale was that it was dark and mushy. I wandered, and eventually I became digested as food. Stomach acid and enzymes digested me, molecule by molecule. It was excruciating. I was dunked headfirst and my skull and mind were broken down into simple compounds. However, before I was fully digested, when my lower torso was still intact, I found myself back at Fred’s door. My guess is that he decided to scrap most of what he already wrote. He decided to start fresh again at Fred. However, he never did. That’s where the story stopped. I haven’t sensed the author since, and I’ve been left to wander this town, to live a life of the worst quality.
“How do I know it’s my story? How do I know I’m not just imagining things? Are you saying maybe this is an effect of some insanity I’ve developed? Well, you may be darn close to the nature of my sanity, but I know for a fact that everything in this world is centered about me. I’ve been wandering this world for a long time. Do you see those scissors? Well, they’re left-handed. I’m left-handed. Everything in this world is left-handed. I know for a fact, weirdly enough, that everything should be mostly right-handed, but everything isn’t. The majority of the people in this world should be right-handed, well, that is, if they were to be developed to such an extent. In addition to that, I’m the only person around here that’s not two-dimensional and blank. Every person I see is flat like paper and has no texture. They walk aimlessly, in specific, yet meaningless paths. 
“You know that clothes shop down the road? Well I’ve been inside there. They only have the clothes I’m wearing right now, in my size. If you’ve ever been outside town, the grass may be a dull green, but soon enough, you realize the trees are spread out in a pattern and that the rolling hills soon turn into a white flat expanse. The traffic in this town follows a generic pattern also. First, a red car passes by, then a blue car. Then a simple bus filled with two-dimensional people passes by. Most of the things in this world are white, save for the things I interact with frequently. Occasionally I see objects that are so underdeveloped, they exist only as the word they are supposed to be. 
“Did you know I used to have a girlfriend? It was right after the belly of the whale incident. However, during her development a metaphor went wrong somewhere. She soon became a piece of my heart, literally. I saw her body flow into mine. It was a shame. She was the only three-dimensional, round, and dynamic person I had ever known. I see things like this all the time, these awry literary devices. Cats and dogs fall from the sky sometimes.
“I’m tired of this life. I can’t take this mundane life anymore, not in this world that lacks detail and luster. I think I would be better off if the author just terminated me. The only solace I can find is this room. For some reason this is the only room I’ve ever found that has been decently detailed. I don’t know why it is, but it’s here. It looks a lot like a writing office.” 
John sighs.
“You’re the only one that will listen to me, the only one that can address my troubles, Doc.”
John is in a room laying on a red sofa. He faces an intricately detailed vase of flowers, with a drawing of a face taped onto one side.
“Doc, sometimes I wish he would just kill me though. It’s painful, being the only developed being in this world. I can’t talk to anyone, or interact with anyone. Except for you, of course.”
John smiles at the vase. The drawing taped to the vase somewhat resembles a brunette female. John closes his eyes and takes a deep breath. Suddenly, the world around him slowly starts to burn. Flames appear and grow, then rapidly consume everything, as if the world was made of paper. Fire engulfs John’s feet. His hair turns from red to inky black, and his whole head starts to turn into an inky black as well. His hair crumbles away into small black letters. The skin on his head and his skull follow suit, leaving John’s brain exposed to the world. Then his mind crumbles away into small letters.  The black letters ignite after they fall from John’s body. Soon after, John, and his world, is all but reduced to ashes.

Email:

Alexander Hwang
"Unfinished"
Follow the one-sided discussion of the main character of a story abandoned by its author.
Pen Name: Tam
Idea: Paradise.

