Wk 6 Sacrifice[7.26.13]
TRANSCRIPT, INDIVIDUAL #F27:

“It was a beautiful day in the city. I could see the clear noon sky as I looked up into the void left by the towering skyscrapers surrounding each side of the street. I was walking down Cavendish Avenue to one of the local Atlas National Bank branches. Eventually, I arrived at one of the taller buildings on the street. Not only was there an Atlas National Bank here on the first floor, but the bank headquarters was also located upstairs. However, that was not the reason for my visit. I was merely coming to merge my bank account with my fiancé’s.
“I walked in to find the bank was as busy as usual. There were around twenty people inside. I was walking to one of the lines when four masked individuals carrying black bags burst into the bank. Two of them pulled out electroshock guns and stunned the two guards near the front doors. The two remaining guards at the back of the bank also fell from being shocked by two other masked individuals that emerged from the crowd inside the bank. These masked individuals were all wearing formal business attire. Unfortunately, so were the rest of the people in the bank. Guns were drawn, two pistols, two shotguns, and two assault rifles. Security cameras around the room were shot, and the tellers and employees were taken from behind the counters and from their rooms into the main lobby. The four security guards were unarmed, tied, and locked into a room somewhere on the first floor of the bank. Soon after, everyone was given a mask to wear and was forced to tie his or her arms behind his or her backs. Four of the individuals walked into the depths of the bank and upstairs to the headquarters, while two, a man and a woman, stayed in the lobby. They told us their agenda.
“They were occupying the Atlas National Bank Headquarters. As many people already knew, Atlas National Bank was the corporation that played the biggest part in pulling the strings and controlling government. The government was corrupt and needed to be fixed. They were going to expose the atrocities of Atlas using concrete evidence from upstairs. They were trying to bring down two of the biggest obstacles facing the liberty, freedom, and rights of the people. They were going to expose the filth between the gears of society. We were going to be the sacrifices for justice. They said that most of us weren’t going to get hurt, as long as we followed their orders. Thus, none of us showed any signs of resistance. We all took in what they said calmly, which may have been because we knew that there was a grain of truth to what they said.
“Soon, I could hear sirens approach the building outside the front entrance. We were all told to sit and face the front entrance. Somewhere behind us, a television was turned on and tuned in to a local news channel. We were able to hear the reports of what the people outside knew. From that point on, we had little contact with the originally masked individuals. They did not take our cell phones, but I could hear from the television that something inside the building was jamming all attempted wireless communications.
“After five minutes or so, a phone somewhere in the building started to ring, and was soon picked up. A minute after the phone was hung up, I heard on the news that the buildings around the Atlas Headquarters were being evacuated. For the next thirty minutes, I faced the front doors, listening to the television, like the people around me. Then, some employees from the headquarters upstairs were brought, masked, down to the lobby to sit with us. A man, who I now assume was the leader of the activist group, talked to us from an announcement system. He told us that he could watch us from a camera that he had left untouched above the front entrance and ordered us to remain silent and obedient. Five minutes after this, a masked woman with a gun picked six people, including me, and put us in a room behind one of the counters. The room had a one way mirror facing the lobby, where the rest of the hostages sat. The woman told us that we could talk to each other, but could not remove our masks. She placed a small speaker-looking device on the table at which we were seated, pointed out that there was a camera observing our room, and then left, closing the door behind her.
“For the first few minutes, the six of us were silent, trying to listen to the television that we could still hear, and watching the rest of the hostages in the lobby. Then, a woman’s voice came from the speaker. She told us to become familiar with the five other people in the room, because there was something in store for us. Not all of us were guaranteed to live. So for the next hour, we talked.
“I don’t remember a lot of the details from the next hour or so, but I doubt that most of it would be important to this investigation anyway. The first person to talk was an old man. He told us he was seventy-five years old. He walked us through his life story, told us about where he grew up, where he went to school, and how he met his wife. He told us about having a son and a daughter. His son was autistic. Luckily, he and his wife had good jobs, and were able to afford the care needed to raise their son. The day of the bank robbery, he was visiting to pay off a ransom in exchange for his abducted son. We were shocked at why he would give in to a ransom when he could have asked for the police, but he told us that it was too complicated to explain.
“The next person to speak was an obese man. He told us that he had several health problems, including high blood pressure, and cardiovascular disease. He had been to the emergency room several times recently, and was struggling to meet the payments for the hospital bills. He told us that the doctors had diagnosed him with some kind of disease, and that he probably didn’t have much time left to live. That was all he was willing to tell us. 
“The pregnant woman spoke next. She told us that she had been pregnant for five months already. Her husband was overseas in the military and had left around ten months ago. The rest of us in the room suddenly turned to her when she said that. Yes, her baby girl was conceived from an affair.
“A young man, age twenty-four, spoke next. He told us that he was the son of one of the head executives at Atlas, and that he had just started summer vacation. He was visiting his father the day of the holdup.  He had nothing else to say.
“I spoke next. I told them about my life, and how I met my fiancé when I had just turned twenty-seven. I was healthy and happy.
“The last person to speak was a forty year-old man. He told us that he had been happily married to his wife for thirteen years. He was visiting the bank to tie up loose ends. He told us that his wife didn’t know about his dirty past, and he proceeded to empty his guilty conscience on us by telling us many of the crimes he had committed in the past. The man said his wife had been diagnosed with a terminal heart disease, and that in order to ensure her survival, he was going donate his heart to her next week. He also said he wanted to pay for his sins.
“After we had all gotten to know each other, the door to our room opened. We were brought to the front of the tired hostages in the lobby. Our captor then announced that in order for everyone to leave the bank alive, at least one of us six had to stay and be sacrificed by unknown means. We were then placed back into our room. We were able to observe the people in the lobby, but not interact with them. It seemed like they were given the freedom to talk to each other, and at first, chaos ensued, but after a few minutes, it seemed to me that a leader emerged from the thirty or so people in the lobby. For around ten minutes, they talked. We were nervous, but then a voice from the speaker on the table interrupted our fears. The people of the lobby decided that only one person was to be sacrificed, and that it was up to the six of us in the room to decide whom. 
“It was either a guilty man ready to donate his heart to his wife, a young, healthy, and engaged woman, a pregnant woman who had cheated on her husband working overseas, an old man with an autistic son, an overweight man, or the son of the bank executive. I was getting ready for a heated debate and argument, but the obese man immediately stood up and volunteered. He told us that he had the least to live for, and that his life was worth the least out of all of ours. We all looked down into our laps, but we agreed. 
“The next thirty minutes went by fast. The obese man was given a remote and some orders by one of the gunmen. He was then locked in the room. The guards were awoken from their slumber, and they were pushed out of the front doors first. Then everyone was ordered to walk out of the building after the guards. The gunmen and gunwomen tossed their weapons behind the counters and blended in with the crowd. I made it safely into the street, like the others, and was faced with police officers pointing their guns at me. I started to put my hands up and get on the ground when I heard explosions. I turned around to watch the building of Atlas Headquarters crumble, and along with it, many of its executives.
“The next thing I remember was waking up in the rubble of the building. Dust was still settling everywhere, but there was the sound of very distant helicopters and ambulances, accompanied by an eerie and deafening silence. After a few minutes, I started to hear the rings of cell phones. They continued to ring, unanswered, in the silence of the aftermath.”

Email:
Alexander Hwang
"The Bank Robbery"
A group of individuals holds up a bank for their activist agenda.
Pen Name: Mute
Idea: The dark side of the moon.

