Wk 7 Redemption[8.2.13]
“As you know, all crimes are punishable by death in this fair city-state. Criminals are the filth that hinders our progress and prosperity. However, our Lord has been kind, and out of his love, He has shown you mercy. You are hereby sentenced instead, to Redemption for petty theft from the Lord’s bakery. That is final.”
The man is first escorted out of the city walls. Then he is put into a carriage and placed outside the city-state’s barrier of influence and deep into the wasteland. Two guards hand him a bag with a week’s supply of food and water, and a tall, heavy, wooden ladder. He is told to walk straight away, west, and is left alone in the barren, stained, landscape.
“You will be there by the seventh night.”
Most of the land has been reduced to desert or wasteland, allowing only the most resilient species of plants and animals to survive. However, in what remains in this barren world, exists towering city-states, monuments to mankind, visible from dozens of miles away. These city-states contrast sharply with the environment around them. Inside the walls lie lush fields of grass with domesticated animals and fertile lands filled with crops. In order to improve the chances of survival, recovery, progress, and prosperity, the citizens of these cities are forced to adhere to a strict set of laws. All skyscrapers, buildings, streets, parks, and places within the walls are kept clean. The way of life is structured and contained. Citizens do not know much of things outside their walls, or their government. However, the head of state, the Lord, is worshipped. 
Sadly, despite all the efforts of the ones running these city-states, there exists a sharp disparity between classes. Although the majority of citizens belong to the highest class or wealthy middle class, there exists a class of poor laborers that struggle to survive. Most of these people are forced to scrape through life, unable to improve their living situations. High crime rates would be expected because of this, but governments exhibit low tolerances for crime. Any crime is punishable by death. Although, criminals, convinced to feel extreme guilt and shame, are sometimes spared from execution, and are instead, sentenced to Redemption. 
For Redemption, people are sent on a journey to visit a sacred tree. In the barren wasteland, this tree stands bare, with no leaves, protruding from the cracked and flat land. It is visible from miles away. According to the legends, when the tree bears fruit, it is a signal that the land will turn lush and fertile, like it once was centuries ago. Humanity will be able to leave behind the walls of their city-states and thrive like their ancestors once did. The punished are sent to this tree, with the order to check if it bears fruit. In the case that the tree does bear fruit, the condemned must use a long ladder to pick the fruit from the tree and return it to the city. The sacred tree only bears one fruit, and only on its highest branch.
The man trudges along, dragging the heavy ladder for seven days and seven nights. At the end of the seventh night, he sees the sun appear from the behind the flat and barren plain that is the horizon. He witnesses a beautiful and unobstructed sunrise.

Email:
Alexander Hwang
"Redemption"
In the city-states remaining within the wasteland, all crimes are punishable by death. Criminals are faced with execution or Redemption.
-Ozymandias
Idea: Plague

