Wk 8 Monumental Secret[8.9.13]
My brother first found a job with the government when he was twenty-three. He soon advanced far up the ladder. To everyone else, he was just a businessman for a company that didn’t actually exist. I was the only one he talked to about his job, even if it was only so little. He didn’t tell me much, but from what he did tell me, what he did for the government was extremely important. What he knew and what he did were never supposed to be known by anyone outside the government. Technically, he was breaking the rules binding him to absolute secrecy by talking to me about his work, but my brother never told me any specific details. He only gave generalizations, and only because he needed someone to talk to in order to get some release from time to time. 
He was happily married and had two kids. He died in an accident two weeks before his seventh anniversary. A week before my brother died, he had told me that he had learned something extremely astonishing. It was a secret that had the possibility to destroy the fabric of our society. He said it was almost an end-of-the-world type of secret. The day before he died, I received a phone call from him, asking if he could talk to me that afternoon. I said that I could.
He gave me an envelope and told me to open it only if he died. He told me that he had gotten into a dangerous situation that he should have avoided. He implied that in the envelope, was the “monumental secret” that he had been telling me about. Around noon the following day, I received a call from his wife that he had died in an accident.
I spent some time contemplating what to do with the envelope my brother had given me. Preferring that the world stay the way it was and not take a turn for the worse, I burned the envelope. Secrets were not meant to be spread.

Email:
Alexander Hwang
The Good Citizen
A very brief (and rather dull) account about a person dealing with a dangerous secret.
Anonymous
Ideas: Personification/anthropomorphism.

