Wk 9 Escape[8.16.13]
The guards have me in chains. Fastened around each of my ankles is a heavy iron ball. My hands are clasped together with metal and I am pulled forward along a dirt road through a village. Villagers gather around on the sides of the road. Some children hide behind the bodies of their mothers, fearful, yet curious.
It looks like I’m a criminal. Most of the villagers offer me looks of disgust. Some curse at me, questioning my humanity. It seems like the only thing that keeps them from gathering and attacking me is the fact that there are eight guards holding me prisoner in iron threads. The four guards holding my chains are dressed in chainmail and hold large spears. The other four guards seem more like knights, and are clothed in full iron while riding horses.
Interestingly, I feel no remorse. I have no idea what I’ve done. All I know is that I’m being ushered towards a castle located at the edge of the village, at the end of the road. More and more people appear as I get closer to the castle gates. The buildings around me start to improve, and the village turns into a city. Dirt and wood turns to stone. I start to think over my options. Between two buildings I see a dark alley that seems to lead to a smaller street. For some mysterious reason, I feel a sudden urge to run. My body acts on its own and starts to bolt for the alley. I hear a shout, and I see a spear rapidly approaching my head out of the corner of my eye. I’m knocked unconscious.
I wake up. I look around me. Where am I? I see rows and rows of blue seats. The seats extend in front of and behind me for a reasonable distance. People dressed in minimalist clothing occupy most of the seats. The light of the window right next to me gets my attention. Outside I can see the blackness of space and the earth right below me, a green and blue marble. 
Speakers overhead indicate that we will arrive in New York in an estimated nine minutes and eleven seconds. I stand up and look around. There seem to be at least a thousand people in the cabin. I see figures dressed in blue and black walking from the back of the large shuttle. They seem to be approaching in my direction at a brisk pace. I feel nervous and flustered. My body starts to heat up and I start to take my jacket off, only to see that under my shirt, there is a flashing light embedded in my chest. I start to run towards the front of the shuttle, but am knocked flat onto the floor. My head hits the ground hard, and I black out.
I open my eyes. I’m laying down somewhere. The ceiling and walls around me are all white, and I’m surrounded by people dressed in blue. A bright light is shining on my lower torso, where all of the blue people are devoting their full concentration.
An excruciating pain ripples through my body. A fire blazes in my torso. I scream, but my mouth won’t open. I start to shake in pain, and the people in blue notice. They look at me, their eyes showing fear and surprise. I wish this were a dream. The pain rises and falls like waves in the ocean. The wave crests and my vision starts to fade to black.
I’m surrounded in pitch black. It feels as if I were wrapped in a blanket of darkness. All of my senses are silenced. Eventually I feel a slight vibration. I nudge and poke at the blanket, trying to find something tangible, and it yields. A bright hole tears open in the blackness surrounding me. I squeeze through the hole and climb out. A lush forest greets me. I stretch my wings and start to fly. Wings? I am a butterfly.

Email:
Alexander Hwang
"Morphine"
A brief and simple tale, detailing a cycle from imprisonment to freedom.
Radnaksi
Idea: Hunger

